I've been using PayPal for years it's
been so long I can't even remember when
I first started using it but
I would have never guessed that using it
would increase my Revenue sounds crazy
right hey everyone I'm Neil Patel and
today I'm going to break down how we
boosted our Revenue by 18
using PayPal
well before I dive into how I wanted to
first let you know that this video is
sponsored by no other than PayPal but
what's funny is I would have created it
either way so you can copy my results so
how did I get the 18 first off we have a
software company called Uber suggest
although we have paying customers from
all over the world a large chunk comes
from the United States roughly 26 and
then it's followed closely by countries
like the United Kingdom France Germany
and Japan so I never thought about
taking PayPal as a payment option
because all of our paying customers have
credit cards that we accept and what's
even funnier is we only got the requests
to accept Paypal a few times a month
for that reason we didn't think it was
important but when my co-founder Mike
camo told me about his girlfriend's
e-commerce site
although they were only focused on the
United States roughly 40 percent of
their customers paid via PayPal so we
decided to run an experiment we added
PayPal as a payment option on our
checkout within 30 days we saw a drastic
difference our new Revenue numbers grew
by roughly 16 percent a bit more than 35
percent of our customers chose PayPal as
a payment option fast forward a few
years later that number is up to 18 just
think about that by adding one simple
additional payment option we grew our
Revenue by 18 plus PayPal's Global
Network makes it easy for a customer to
pay you in one currency and then PayPal
can pay you out in a different currency
which customers Love Now Although our
Revenue has grown by 18 from new
customers was crazy over 35 percent of
our customers prefer paying via PayPal
if we didn't have paper pal some of them
would have paid by credit card but the
users that chose PayPal typically have
their bank accounts connected to the
service as well as well as their credit
cards which has helped us reduce our
churn in other words if someone chooses
PayPal as a payment option they
typically say subscribe to our software
as a service product for a month longer
than people who pay with credit card
in other words it helps with customer
Longevity if you want a quick win with
your business add it to your checkout
page it's really that simple at our Ad
Agency NP digital we've been
recommending this to our clients in all
sorts of verticals we are seeing lifts
in literally all verticals especially
retail travel insurance and even
utilities as an executive you always
want to find easy ways to grow your
numbers and increase profit margins this
was one dead simple trick that has
worked for us every time we have
implemented it
when we surveyed people on why they
chose people because I want to
understand why it boosted our
conversions by that much they said it's
because the checkout process was way
faster and easier for them with the
growth of omnichannel marketing people
are coming to your website from all
sorts of channels and devices so why not
make their life easier by giving them
checkout options that require less
effort now a few things that can help
you potentially get even better results
than the 18 I mentioned above are first
off the digital experience starts way
before the checkout don't wait until the
last minute to make things easier on
people from reducing clicks to making
sure that your website loads fast each
touch point is super important you can
even use text to help push people along
from one stage to another for example if
you're selling an expensive product or
service you can mention on your product
or Services page that you offer buy now
pay later according to RBC buy now pay
later can have an impact on retail
conversions by roughly 20 to 30 percent
that's huge and to make things even
better it can lift the ticket size by
roughly 30 to 50 percent
so not only are you getting more
conversions but you are also getting
more dollars per transaction
second a great way to boost your
returning customers is through discounts
and promotions according to Adobe
analytics
8.9 billion dollars was spent on Black
Friday last year and that was just
online but you don't have to wait for
Black Friday to generate extra Revenue
you can always run promotions to your
own website visitors or even email lists
or better yet why not run a promotion to
a whole new audience through honey you
can offer promotions to their user base
and their user base is massive over 10
million people have their Chrome
extension installed honey is a good way
to offer discounts without cheapening
the brand the typical way price Cuts do
and with the macro economic situation
and with inflation consumers are looking
to stretch the dollar and that's exactly
where PayPal's honey helps with just
think about it it's a delightful
experience when consumers are able to
save money on gifts or purchases so what
are you waiting for give PayPal a try at
the very least it can help you generate
more sales
thank you
[Music]